Add about the taxonomy page (#1266)
bolt/docs: docs/contenttypes/taxonomies.md

{% endfor %}
{% endif %}
```

> In your taxonomy.yaml file where you have defined your different taxonomies, you can decide which file should be used to display your records for a specific taxonomy (categories for example) if you do not want to stick to the default which is the `listing_template: listing.twig` in `config/bolt/config.yaml`. You can define this under your taxonomy let's say categories here 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your `taxonomy.yaml` file, where you have defined your different taxonomies, you can decide which file should be used to display your records for a specific taxonomy (categories for example) if you do not want to stick to the default (which is `listing_template: listing.twig` in `config/bolt/config.yaml`). You can define this under your taxonomy like this: 

```

{% endfor %}
{% endif %}
```
In your `taxonomy.yaml` file, where you have defined your different taxonomies, you can decide which file should be used to display your records for a specific taxonomy (categories for example) if you do not want to stick to the default (which is `listing_template: listing.twig` in `config/bolt/config.yaml`). You can define this under your taxonomy like this: 

```
categories:
  name: Categories 
  ...
  listing_template: category.twig
``` 

> Notice the `listing_template` key added above. Same as you can decide the number of records to be shown within this taxonomy page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice the `listing_template` key added above. Similarly,  you can decide the number of records to be shown within this taxonomy page.

```
